The autoscaler does not scale node groups on non-amd64 clusters when pods explicitly require non-amd64 nodes in node affinity (#6066)
kubernetes/autoscaler: cluster-autoscaler/cloudprovider/clusterapi/README.md

    capacity.cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/taints: "key1=value1:NoSchedule,key2=value2:NoExecute"
```

#### CPU Architecture awareness for single-arch clusters 

> Users of non-amd64, single-arch clusters willing to enable scale from zero 

Reviewer: i think i would reword this as:

```suggestion
Users of single-arch non-amd64 clusters who are using scale from zero 
```

support should also set the `--scale-up-from-zero-default-arch` flag to the 
architecture of the nodes they want to default the node group templates to.

> The autoscaler will default to amd64 if the flag is not set, and the node 

Reviewer: i would add some code blocks here for style

```suggestion
The autoscaler will default to `amd64` if the flag is not set, and the node 
```

> group templates will not match the nodes' architecture, particularly when 

Reviewer: minor change

```suggestion
group templates will not match the nodes' architecture, specifically when 
```

    capacity.cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/taints: "key1=value1:NoSchedule,key2=value2:NoExecute"
```

#### CPU Architecture awareness for single-arch clusters 

Users of single-arch non-amd64 clusters who are using scale from zero 
support should also set the `CAPI_SCALE_ZERO_DEFAULT_ARCH` environment variable

> to the architecture of the nodes they want to default the node group templates to.

Reviewer: minor nit, missing a word

```suggestion
to set the architecture of the nodes they want to default the node group templates to.
```
